Veitnam infra conf 26 (#104)
openeverest/openeverest.github.io: content/events/coscup-2026/index.md

      believer in open-source collaboration. She enjoys hiking, skiing, and
      traveling — and now advocating for data on Kubernetes across Asia.
---

## OpenEverest is at COSCUP

COSCUP (Conference for Open Source Coders, Users, and Promoters) is one of Asia's
largest community-run open source conferences, co-located this year with UbuCon
Asia in Taipei. The OpenEverest team is there with three talks covering unified,
vendor-neutral database provisioning and management on Kubernetes.

## Our talks

### [When Life Gives You Containers, Make an Open Source RDS: A Kubernetes Love Story](https://pretalx.coscup.org/coscup-2026/talk/ASC9WV/)
**Sergey Pronin** · Sunday, August 9

A story-driven look at building an open source RDS-like experience on top of
Kubernetes — the highs, the lows, and why running databases the cloud-native way
is worth it.

### [How OpenEverest Transformed From Single Vendor to Vendor Neutral to CNCF Sandbox Project](https://pretalx.coscup.org/coscup-2026/talk/SXP9SP/)
**Chi Fujii** · Saturday, August 8

The journey from a single-vendor tool to a vendor-neutral, community-driven CNCF
Sandbox project — what changed, why it mattered, and what's next.

> ### [Unified database provisioning and management on Kubernetes](https://pretalx.coscup.org/coscup-2026/talk/LBHUAC/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### [Running databases on Kubernetes can be easy - meet OpenEverest!](https://pretalx.coscup.org/coscup-2026/talk/LBHUAC/)
```

Title change please 🙏
